At home we had no television in 1953, but I had an uncle who lived in Triallo, which did.
So I can remember that we went to Triallo on the day of the coronation to actually try and view it.
Because again, the quality of picture wasn't very clever. It was all in black and white, very crackled.
So I can vaguely remember that.
And remember it because people's opinion were quite different in those days.
And I suppose that a lot of the family were ex-service people.
So at the age of four I could sing the sort of national anthem, especially for that particular day, I suppose.
So yeah, I do remember the coronation.
What was the atmosphere like? Do you remember anything of that?
In addition to being able to see it on television, of course there were street parties.
There were street parties and there was lots of decorations.
And different streets did different things.
I remember on the Seat Road where I lived, of course we couldn't decorate them.
It was the main road.
But on the side streets there, Whitten Street in particular, was highly decorated.
And they put on this magnificent play of theirs.
And they used the Catholic Church Hall in the Seat to do it.
And it was funny to see people of all ages taking part.
Everybody got involved.
A really truly sort of local community spirit in those days.
Truly different to what it is nowadays.
faced...
...
And we would interrupt as a truck city Mmm dlatego watch a destination,